All right.
Shape area.
So we're going to be taking in a single number and based off of it we're going to be building now a
sort of sort of plus sign a little bit for each iteration.
Our objective here is to find out how many of these squares based off of and the number that's being
passed in that we're going to have.
So for two we would have five squares and for three if you count these up we'll have a total of 13.
That's our objective here.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
I don't have any hints for you.
This is a pure logic one.
So use this image and try to see if you can find the pattern and solve it.
Hopefully I didn't give it away too much and look for a pattern and hopefully you're able to find one.
So the way that I solve this was what we're basically have to see is that for every additional eye we're
adding 4 on to our value a multiple of four past one.
So the way that we do this we set an area little one.
We're going to return area.
Now we're going to iterate through a for loop starting one because we already have the one value we've
initialize when when winner and is equal to one here so there's no reason to do that iteration or say
Y is less than an increase by now the whole thing here is.
Were you able to see the pattern if you were what you would go is our area is equal to four times each.
That's it.
So on one end when we get to we're going to multiply four by that number one less than the previous.
And that's it.
We've really solved it at that point.
It's it took me a moment to be able solve this.
I try to do a bunch of different patterns where I thought I tried to treat it as a square and then minus
a few and what eventually helped me solve this was I pulled out a white board and in different colors
I drew it out piece by piece for each number section.
I drew it out until I fully understood the pattern.
So sometimes you have to just break it down piece by piece and figure it out.
This was one of those.